It is hardly necessary for me to cite all the evidence of the depressing state of literacy. These figures from the Department of Education are sufficient: 27 million Americans cannot read at all. and a further 35million read al a level that is less than sufficient to survive in our society.

　　But my own worry today is fess that of the overwhelming problem of elemental literacy than it is of the slightly more luxurious problem 
of the decline in the skill even of the middle-class reader, of his unwillingness to afford those spaces of silence. those luxuries of domesticity and time and concentration, that surround the image of the classic act of reading. n has been suggested that almost 80 percent 
of America's literate, educated teenagers can no longer read without an accompanying noise (music) in the background or a television screen flickering at the corner of their field of perception. We know very little about the brain and how it deals with simultaneous conflicting 
input, but every common-sense intuition suggests we should be profoundly alarmed. This violation of concentration silence, solitude  goes to the very heart of our notion of literacy; this new form of part-reading, of part-perception against background distraction renders 
impossible certain essential acts of apprehension and concentration, let alone that most important tribute any human being can pay to a poem or a piece of prose he or she really loves, which is to learn it by heart. Not by brain. by heart; the expression is vital.

　　Under these circumstances. the question of what future there is for the arts of reading is a real one. Ahead of us lie technical. psychic. and social transformations probably much more dramatic than those brought about by Gutenberg, the German inventor in printing. The Gutenberg revolution. as we now know it, took a long time; its effects are still being debated. The information revolution will touch every fact of composition. publication. distribution. and reading. No one in the book industry can say with any confidence what will happen to the book as we've known it.
Buddhism is the only important foreign religious influence that has become part and parcel of Chinese life. The influence is so deep that 
we now speak of children’s dolls, and sometimes the children themselves, as“ little Buddha ”, and the Empress Dowager herself was addressed 
as“Old Buddha”. The Goddess of Mercy and the laughing Buddha have become Chinese household words. Buddhism has affected our language , our 
food, our arts, our sculpture and directly inspired the characteristic pagoda . It has stimulated our literature and our whole world of 
imagination. The little monkish figure, with his bald head and his gray robes, forms an intimate part of any panorama of society, and 
Buddhist temples, rather than those of Confucius, are the center of the town and village life, where the elders gather to decide on village 
matters and annual celebrations. Its monks and nuns penetrate the privacies of Chinese households, on all occasions of births, deaths and 
weddings, as no other persons are allowed to do, and hardly a widow or virgin can be seduced , according to the Chinese novels, without the 
help of these religious figures.

　　Buddhism has conquered China as a philosophy and as a religion, as a philosophy for the scholars and as a religion for the common 
people. Whereas Confucianism has only a philosophy of moral conduct, Buddhism possesses a logical method, a metaphysics , and a theory of 
knowledge . Besides, it is fortunate in having a high tradition of scholarship in the translations of Buddhist classics, and the language 
of these translations, so succinct and often so distinguished by a beautiful lucidity of language and reasoning, cannot but attract 
scholars with a philosophical bias. Hence Buddhism has always enjoyed a prestige
The wedding of Peleus and the sea-goddess Thetis were held and all gods were invited. But her absence of one goddess was clearly 
noticeable. It was Eris, the goddess of discord. As she planted seeds of discord wherever she went, it was natural that her presence at the ceremony was not desirable. She had good reason to feel angry. So she decided to make fun of the group at the party. Eris slipped into the hall after the couple left and rolled on the floor a golden apple , having the words, “For the fairest”. It caused a violent quarrel among the three goddesses, Hera , Athena and Aphrodite. Zeus found it advisable to send them before a shepherd boy on Mt Ida, Paris by name , for judgment. Hermes, the messenger, took the apple in his hand and led the goddess away.

　　Paris was son of Priam, king of Troy. As his mother dreamed at his birth that she was bearing a piece of burning wood, the babe was regarded as representing the destruction of the city itself. To save the kingdom from possible disaster , the parents had the helpless 
infant left on top of Mt Ida to die. However, he survived his ill fate. Brought up by the herdsmen, he became a strong, handsome lad. He 
was secretly united with Oenone, a fair and faithful mountain fairy maiden. On this particular day, as he was taking care of his sheep on 
the mountain side, the youth was surprised to see four human beings standing before him. Hermes told him about his mission and left. The 
three holy beauties then competed with each other, showing themselves up before the shepherd. Hera promised to make him king of Asia. 
Athena undertook to help him get imperishable fame in war; whereas Aphrodite offered to secure for him the love of the most beautiful woman in the world. The primitive instinct of the boy thus moved, Aphrodite won the prize , and the other two goddesses left in anger and became 
deadly enemies of Troy.
An island country, a whole continent, Australia has a remarkably cohesive personality and one which, much to our surprise, is markedly foreign. It is no longer the infant colony, peopled by British convicts and pioneers, but a maturing, perhaps still somewhat adolescent individual, ruggedly steering a vital new course in life.

　　Australia is a sprawl of rock and desert, fringed with lush valleys, snow fields, coral spectaculars, storm-stabbed cliffs and rolling beaches, a land rich in minerals, colors, curious flora , 230 species of mammals , 700 of birds, 400 of reptiles, 70 of amphibia, 2, 200 of fish and 50 , 000 species of insects — and seemingly infinite space . Australia is becoming the richest country in the world, materially.

　　Total area of the continent is about half as big as Europe, or 25 times the size of Britain and Ireland. Population is bunched mainly in coastal cities, the biggest of which are capitals of the country’s states and the federal capital Canberra . Canberra is a model of a planned garden city and is the seat of a major university. It is smallish in size , but big in importance. Sydney is the largest city, and commercial capital of the country.

　　Throughout the country, the basic accommodation unit is the motel, a flat prefabricated sprawl of bedrooms. But prices are reasonable and, most important, the rooms are excellent and equipped usually with air-conditioning, a refrigerator and tea and coffee making facilities. Bath tubs are rare, as Australians prefer the convenience and hygiene of a shower. Porterage and other services are rare , as Australians don’t like

Many popular public swimming beaches in Wisconsin have been closed over the past two summers. due to increased monitoring for bacteria.

　　The recent closures were triggered in the summer of 2002, when a suspicious outbreak of intestinal problems affected a large number of swimmers who were camped at Peninsula State Park, in Door County. Samples were taken. and high coliform bacteria counts were noted.

　　Health departments were urged (or shamed) into taking samples at more Wisconsin beaches and found problem sat dozens of sites. This set off a wave of publicity. At the same time, the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources announced the launch of a new monitoring program for the 170 public beaches which line Wisconsin's coasts on Lake Michigan and Lake Superior, funded by a federal grant. Howerver, as DNR pointed out, the monitoring plan had been under development since 2001 to meet federal requirements for states to improve monitoring and public notification at their coastal beaches.

　　"Unfortunately, the federal law and the available federal funding don't get at identifying and reducing sources or contamination." said Toni Glymph, the DNR toxicologist leading the Beach Workgroup of state and local health and environmental officials. "We realize those are criticai needs, but this testing and notification plan is a start. People need to be aware of risks and make informed choices."

　　Because funding was short ,the DNR categorized beaches as high, medium, or low priority, to determine how frequently each beach will be monitoree. High priority beaches, for instance, may be monitored five times a week, compared to once a week for low priority beaches. Coastal communities aren't required to adopt themonitoring and notification guidelines in the plan,but the DNR expected more than $200,000 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to assist communities wanting to implement the plan in summer 2003.

　　Currently, DNR staff are responsible for monitoring beaches at state properties, and tribal and local health departments are responsible for other public beaches within their borders. Because testing is not mandatory and local communities are not required to follow state guidelines for monitoring beaches,Wisconsin suffers from a serious inconsistency in how frequently beaches are sampled, how people are notified or possible unsafe swimming conditions,and in reporting of beach closures. 